docs/accounts/debrid.md, before:

---
title: Debrid Service Account
description: Step-by-step guide for setting up a debrid service account
---

# Debrid Service Account

A debrid provider unlocks fast, high‑quality streams and broadens available sources. It’s the single most impactful upgrade to Stremio.

:::: tip Recommended
For most users, **Real‑Debrid** offers the best value. If you need multi‑IP, multi‑user flexibility, consider **TorBox**.
::::

## What You Get

- **Higher quality**: 1080p/2160p, HDR, higher bitrates
- **Speed and stability**: cached sources play instantly
- **Depth**: many more working links

## Choose a Provider

- Real‑Debrid - [real-debrid.com](https://real-debrid.com/)
- TorBox - [torbox.app](https://www.torbox.app/) (fair‑use multi‑IP; smaller cache than RD)

## Create Your Account

1. Visit the provider’s signup page
2. Complete checkout (monthly/yearly)
3. Log in to access your account dashboard

## Get Your API Token (You’ll Paste It Later)

- Real‑Debrid: [API token page](https://real-debrid.com/apitoken)
- TorBox: account dashboard → API / Access token

Copy the token-you’ll paste it into AIOStreams during addon setup.

:::: info IP Restrictions
Some providers limit simultaneous usage from multiple IPs. TorBox is more flexible; Real‑Debrid prioritizes speed and cache size.
::::

## Support This Guide

- [Real‑Debrid (ref)](http://real-debrid.com/?id=961581)
- [TorBox (ref)](https://www.torbox.app/subscription?referral=02e0e0f8-0277-43db-bcfb-3a734c93ddd7)

Using these links helps maintain the guide at no extra cost to you.

Commit message:

📝 (debrid.md): Add a link to a community-maintained chart for detailed comparison of debrid services.

docs/accounts/debrid.md, after:

---
title: Debrid Service Account
description: Step-by-step guide for setting up a debrid service account
---

# Debrid Service Account

A debrid provider unlocks fast, high‑quality streams and broadens available sources. It’s the single most impactful upgrade to Stremio.

:::: tip Recommended
For most users, **Real‑Debrid** offers the best value. If you need multi‑IP, multi‑user flexibility, consider **TorBox**.
::::

## What You Get

- **Higher quality**: 1080p/2160p, HDR, higher bitrates
- **Speed and stability**: cached sources play instantly
- **Depth**: many more working links

## Choose a Provider

Listing every option is nearly impossible. The two main ones are **Real-Debrid** and **Premiumize**, but many others are supported.  
For a detailed comparison, see this community-maintained chart:  
https://debridcompare.xyz/#debrid-pricing-comparison


- Real‑Debrid - [real-debrid.com](https://real-debrid.com/)
- Premiumize - [premiumize.me](https://www.premiumize.me/)
- TorBox - [torbox.app](https://www.torbox.app/) (fair‑use multi‑IP; smaller cache than RD)

## Create Your Account

1. Visit the provider’s signup page
2. Complete checkout (monthly/yearly)
3. Log in to access your account dashboard

## Get Your API Token (You’ll Paste It Later)

- Real‑Debrid: [API token page](https://real-debrid.com/apitoken)
- TorBox: account dashboard → API / Access token

Copy the token-you’ll paste it into AIOStreams during addon setup.

:::: info IP Restrictions
Some providers limit simultaneous usage from multiple IPs. TorBox is more flexible; Real‑Debrid prioritizes speed and cache size.
::::

## Support This Guide

- [Real‑Debrid (ref)](http://real-debrid.com/?id=961581)
- [TorBox (ref)](https://www.torbox.app/subscription?referral=02e0e0f8-0277-43db-bcfb-3a734c93ddd7)

Using these links helps maintain the guide at no extra cost to you.
